Add a role to perform basic setup to register and patch RHEL clients (#1135)
theforeman/foreman-ansible-modules: roles/content_rhel/README.md

theforeman.foreman.content_rhel

> ===================================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
theforeman.foreman.content_rhel
===============================
```

> This role is an opinionated reuse of other roles in the collection, which creates a basic configuration for everything Katello needs to register and patch existing RHEL clients.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This role is an opinionated reuse of other roles in the collection, which creates a basic configuration for everything needed to register and patch existing RHEL clients.
```

we try to avoid Foreman/Katello names to make branding easier :)

It also supports customizing the included roles with:

`foreman_sync_plan_name`: Name of the sync plan to create. Default 'RHEL Sync Plan'

`foreman_sync_plan_interval`: 'hourly', 'daily', 'weekly', or 'custom cron'. See the [Sync Plan Role Documentation](https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-ansible-modules/blob/develop/roles/manifest/README.md#role-variables) for more information. Default 'daily'

`foreman_sync_plan_cron_expression`: Required when using the 'custom cron' `sync_plan_interval`.

`foreman_sync_plan_sync_date`: Initial sync date for the sync plan, formatted as 'YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS UTC'.

`foreman_activation_key_name`: Name of the activation key to create. Default 'base_rhel_key'

Repository behavior is controlled via the variables:

`foreman_content_rhel_enable_rhel7`: Enable rhel-7-server-rpms repository (x86 architecture and 7Server release). Default true.

`foreman_content_rhel_enable_rhel8`: Enable rhel-8-for-x86_64-baseos-rpms and rhel-8-for-x86_64-appstream-rpms (x86 architecture). Default true.

`foreman_content_rhel_sync_now`: Sync repositories immediately after enabling. Default true.

> `foreman_content_rhel_wait_for_syncs`: Monitor status of sync tasks. When false, the sync tasks will continue running in the background after the playbook has finished running. This option is most useful when other automation (for example, registering and patching a client) requires the repository syncs to have completed.

Reviewer 2: "Default true"? :)

Example Playbooks
-----------------

This minimal example assumes the manifest has already been downloaded to ~/manifest.zip on localhost (the Ansible control node) and uploads that manifest to the ACME organization. It enables RHEL7 and RHEL8 repositories, creates the role default sync plan for them, and also syncs the repositories immediately. It creates an activation key with the role default name `base_rhel_key`.

```yaml
- hosts: localhost
  roles:
    - role: theforeman.foreman.content_rhel
      vars:
        server_url: https://foreman.example.com
        username: "admin"
        password: "changeme"
        organization: "ACME"
        manifest_download: False

>         foreman_manifest_path: "~/manifest.zip"

Reviewer 2: prefix plz

```

This example is identical to the above example, except instead of assuming the manifest is already downloaded at ~/manifest.zip, we first use the provided rhsm_{username,password} and manifest_uuid to download it from the Red Hat Customer Portal.

```yaml
- hosts: localhost
  roles:
    - role: theforeman.foreman.content_rhel
      vars:
        server_url: https://foreman.example.com
        username: "admin"
        password: "changeme"
        organization: "ACME"
        manifest_download: True
        rhsm_username: "happycustomer"

>         rhsm_password: "$ecur3p4$$w0rd"

Reviewer 2: prefix

        foreman_manifest_uuid: "01234567-89ab-cdef-0123-456789abcdef"
        foreman_manifest_path: "~/manifest.zip"
```

This example downloads a manifest with the provided UUID from the RHSM portal using the provided credentials and copies it to ~/manifest.zip before uploading it to "Default Organization". It then enables the RHEL7 and RHEL8 repositories without syncing them immediately, but creates a sync_plan which syncs the repositories at midnight each day. It creates an activation key "RHEL_Key" to register existing RHEL content hosts.

```yaml
- hosts: localhost
  roles:
    - role: theforeman.foreman.content_rhel
      vars:
        server_url: https://foreman.example.com
        username: "admin"
        password: "changeme"
        organization: "Default Organization"
        manifest_download: True
        rhsm_username: "happycustomer"

>         rhsm_password: "$ecur3p4$$w0rd"

Reviewer 2: prefix :)

        foreman_manifest_uuid: "01234567-89ab-cdef-0123-456789abcdef"
        foreman_manifest_path: "~/manifest.zip"
        foreman_content_rhel_sync_now: false
        foreman_sync_plan_name: "Daily RHEL Sync"
        foreman_sync_plan_interval: daily
        foreman_sync_plan_sync_date: 2021-02-02 00:00:00 UTC
        foreman_activation_key_name: "RHEL_Key"
```

This example assumes the manifest has already been downloaded to ~/my_subscription_manifesst.zip on localhost and uploads that manifest to the ACME organization. It enables the rhel-7-server-rpms repository only, syncs it immediately, and also creates a custom cron sync plan for it. It creates an activation key "RHEL_Key" to register existing RHEL content hosts.

```yaml
- hosts: localhost
  roles:
    - role: theforeman.foreman.content_rhel
      vars:
        server_url: https://foreman.example.com
        username: "admin"
        password: "changeme"
        organization: "ACME"

>         manifest_download: False

Reviewer 2: :)
